Laboratory of Software Architecture and IT Security 2021
project name:
 Motorshelves
Participants: Eleonora Fornaro, Elisabeth Getachew

General description:

Motorshelves is a web application that allows you to search, sell or buy motorcycles through
authorized or private resellers. Users interested in selling or buying also have the option
to organize rallies (gatherings) by communicating it to other users by creating an announcement in the
which date and place of the meeting are specified.

Intended roles and functions offered to them:

• Administrator: is able to perform any action, in particular has access to all
functionalities concerning user management: can remove, suspend and modify the
status of anyone in addition to having access to edit and remove ads.
All those reported for users are also included in the list of admin actions.

•User: can create, edit, delete or search for advertisements on motorcycles.
You have the option of contacting the user of the ad concerned by email
and can create or search for announcements of gatherings where to sell or buy.

Access mode:
Unregistered users can sign-up via a standard, internal registration form
to the website, or log in externally using Facebook as a provider

Description of managed data:

The data managed by the web application concern the following entities:

•Private user: during internal registration, the application prompts the user to enter
of name, surname, gender, date of birth, email and password.
In the login provided by Facebook all information is provided by
provider.

•Sale announcement (Bike advertisment): so that the announcement is clear and complete to the user
it is required to enter the make (“stable”), model, engine capacity, year and
residence of the motorbike, finally it is possible to insert an image, advice and
a description regarding the latter.

•Rally announcement (Selling rally): when creating the announcement ("Bike-rally
advs ") the user is asked for the dates and place of the meeting.

Interaction with external services:

To facilitate and speed up the registration / login process, interaction with the
Facebook provider.
